## InputManager class
The `InputManager` class defines the interface required for managing the input system in Robot Devastation. Other classes can then define the implementation of the InputManager according to, for instance, the library selected for reading user input.

{% plantuml %}
interface InputManager {
--Startup & Halting--
bool start()
bool stop()
bool isStopped()
-- Configuration & Listeners --
bool addInputEventListener(RdInputEventListener * listener)
bool removeInputEventListeners()
}
{% endplantuml %}

The main methods of an `InputManager` are: 
* `start()`, `stop()` and `isStopped()`: control the manager startup and halting.
* `addInputEventListener()`: registers a `RdInputEventListener` that will be notified when input events are generated by the user.
* `removeInputEventListeners()`: unsuscribes all the registered listeners, and they will not be notified until they are registered again.


## SDLInputManager class
`SDLInputManager` is an implementation of the `InputManager` interface using SDL as input backend. It sets a callback method that retrives SDL events and converts them to Robot Devastation input events. Currently only some key events and the exit cross on the game screen are supported as event generators.

## MockupInputManager class
`MockupInputManager` is an implementation of the `InputManager` for unit testing purposes.
It allows to generate input events from the testing code, without the need for a user. 

{% plantuml %}
interface InputManager 
class MockupInputManager {
bool sendKeyPress(const RdKey & key);
bool sendKeyUp(const RdKey & key);
bool sendKeyDown(const RdKey & key);
bool sendWindowEvent(const RdWindowEvent & event);
}

InputManager <|-- MockupInputManager
{% endplantuml %}

## Dependency with other managers
(toDo)


